README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Predä Cogs for Red v3</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot/tree/V3/develop">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Red%20DiscordBot-V3-red.svg">
    </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py/tree/rewrite">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord.py-rewrite-blue.svg">
    </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ambv/black">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg">
    </a>
  <a href="https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/predaaa/predacogs">
    <img src="https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/predaaa/predacogs/badge" alt="CodeFactor" />
    </a>
  <a href="https://www.patreon.com/predaaA">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20me-Patreon-orange.svg">
    </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/3EeJCjR">
    <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/337224005901615104/widget.png?style=shield">
    </a>
</p>

## Installation

```
[p] is your prefix
```
```md
- [p]load downloader
- [p]repo add preda https://github.com/predaAa/predacogs
- [p]cog install preda <cog_you_want>
- [p]load <installed_cog>
```

## Cogs

| Name | Description (Click for more details) |
| ---- | ----------- |
| [Nsfw](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/nsfw) | <details><summary>Send random NSFW images from random subreddits and Nekobot API.</summary>Send random NSFW images from random subreddits and Nekobot API in NSFW only channels.<br>Important note: As indicated in name of this cog, it contains mature content and is not suited for all audiences, use it responsibly.</details>
| [RandImages](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/randimages) | <details><summary>Send random images (animals, art ...) from different APIs.</summary>Send random images from different APIs. There's animals images, art, and more. There is also a `[p]subreddit` command with which you can send an images from a subreddit of your choice. (All commands using subreddits are checking for nsfw content, so if there's nsfw content and the invoked channel is not NSFW you will receive a message that say you to invoke it in a NSFW channel instead of the image).</details>
| [SpaceX](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/spacex) | <details><summary>Get multiple information about SpaceX using SpaceX-API.</summary>Get multiple information about SpaceX like Rockets, current and passed missions, historical events ... and more. This cog is using SpaceX-API.</details>
| [WhoPlays](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/whoplays) | <details><summary>Look at what games people in the server are playing. V3 Rewrite of [Stevy's cog](https://github.com/AznStevy/Maybe-Useful-Cogs/blob/master/whoplays/whoplays.py).</summary>Check who's playing certain games or who's playing what on your server.</details>
| [Converters](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/converters) | <details><summary>Some utility converters.</summary>Some utility converters, for temperatures, mass, but also dates to timestamps.</details>
| [MartTools](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/martools) | <details><summary>Multiple tools that are originally used on [Martine the BOT](https://martinethebot.com).</summary>Multiple useful tools that are originally used on [Martine the BOT](https://martinethebot.com), like usagecount command, that show you all usage of the bot, messages received, read, commands processed and more. Prefix command to show prefixes of the bot, etc.</details>
| [DblTools](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/dbltools) | <details><summary>Tools to get bots information from discordbots.org.</summary>Tools to get bots information from discordbots.org, like description, votes, published server count, and more.</details>
| [ServerInfo](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/serverinfo) | <details><summary>Replace original Red serverinfo command with more details.</summary>Replace original Red serverinfo command with more details, about users and server.</details>

## Contributing

Feel free to open a PR or an issue for any suggestion about my cogs !

## Contact

For any suggestions or issues, feel free to join my [Discord server](https://discord.gg/TwCNvVz) or contact me in DM.<br>
`Predä - 梅丽莎。十四#1001` (ID: `332980470650372096`) on Discord.

## Credits

- [Red devs](https://github.com/Cog-Creators) for base of my remplacement commands cogs.
- [Red Discord server community](https://discord.gg/red) for all the help in coding.
- [Mikeshardmind (Sinbad)](https://github.com/mikeshardmind/SinbadCogs) for the command replace logic.
- [Aikaterna](https://github.com/aikaterna) for the help on [Nsfw cog](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/nsfw).
- [Stevy](https://github.com/AznStevy) to authorize me to publish rewritten version of [WhoPlays cog](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/whoplays).

<a href="https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PredaCogs-Red V3-red.svg?style=popout&logo=Python">
</a>

Commit message:

README Add Red Cog Support server to contact

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Predä Cogs for Red v3</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot/tree/V3/develop">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Red%20DiscordBot-V3-red.svg">
    </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py/tree/rewrite">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord.py-rewrite-blue.svg">
    </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ambv/black">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg">
    </a>
  <a href="https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/predaaa/predacogs">
    <img src="https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/predaaa/predacogs/badge" alt="CodeFactor" />
    </a>
  <a href="https://www.patreon.com/predaaA">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20me-Patreon-orange.svg">
    </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/3EeJCjR">
    <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/337224005901615104/widget.png?style=shield">
    </a>
</p>

## Installation

```
[p] is your prefix
```
```md
- [p]load downloader
- [p]repo add preda https://github.com/predaAa/predacogs
- [p]cog install preda <cog_you_want>
- [p]load <installed_cog>
```

## Cogs

| Name | Description (Click for more details) |
| ---- | ----------- |
| [Nsfw](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/nsfw) | <details><summary>Send random NSFW images from random subreddits and Nekobot API.</summary>Send random NSFW images from random subreddits and Nekobot API in NSFW only channels.<br>Important note: As indicated in name of this cog, it contains mature content and is not suited for all audiences, use it responsibly.</details>
| [RandImages](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/randimages) | <details><summary>Send random images (animals, art ...) from different APIs.</summary>Send random images from different APIs. There's animals images, art, and more. There is also a `[p]subreddit` command with which you can send an images from a subreddit of your choice. (All commands using subreddits are checking for nsfw content, so if there's nsfw content and the invoked channel is not NSFW you will receive a message that say you to invoke it in a NSFW channel instead of the image).</details>
| [SpaceX](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/spacex) | <details><summary>Get multiple information about SpaceX using SpaceX-API.</summary>Get multiple information about SpaceX like Rockets, current and passed missions, historical events ... and more. This cog is using SpaceX-API.</details>
| [WhoPlays](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/whoplays) | <details><summary>Look at what games people in the server are playing. V3 Rewrite of [Stevy's cog](https://github.com/AznStevy/Maybe-Useful-Cogs/blob/master/whoplays/whoplays.py).</summary>Check who's playing certain games or who's playing what on your server.</details>
| [Converters](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/converters) | <details><summary>Some utility converters.</summary>Some utility converters, for temperatures, mass, but also dates to timestamps.</details>
| [MartTools](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/martools) | <details><summary>Multiple tools that are originally used on [Martine the BOT](https://martinethebot.com).</summary>Multiple useful tools that are originally used on [Martine the BOT](https://martinethebot.com), like usagecount command, that show you all usage of the bot, messages received, read, commands processed and more. Prefix command to show prefixes of the bot, etc.</details>
| [DblTools](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/dbltools) | <details><summary>Tools to get bots information from discordbots.org.</summary>Tools to get bots information from discordbots.org, like description, votes, published server count, and more.</details>
| [ServerInfo](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/serverinfo) | <details><summary>Replace original Red serverinfo command with more details.</summary>Replace original Red serverinfo command with more details, about users and server.</details>

## Contributing

Feel free to open a PR or an issue for any suggestion about my cogs !

## Contact

For any suggestions or issues, feel free to join my [Discord server](https://discord.gg/TwCNvVz) or the [Red - Cog Support server](https://discord.gg/GET4DVk) in the channel #support-othercogs.<br>You can also contact me in DM: 
`Predä - 梅丽莎。十四#1001` (ID: `332980470650372096`) on Discord.

## Credits

- [Red devs](https://github.com/Cog-Creators) for base of my remplacement commands cogs.
- [Red Discord server community](https://discord.gg/red) for all the help in coding.
- [Mikeshardmind (Sinbad)](https://github.com/mikeshardmind/SinbadCogs) for the command replace logic.
- [Aikaterna](https://github.com/aikaterna) for the help on [Nsfw cog](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/nsfw).
- [Stevy](https://github.com/AznStevy) to authorize me to publish rewritten version of [WhoPlays cog](https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs/tree/master/whoplays).

<a href="https://github.com/PredaaA/predacogs">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PredaCogs-Red V3-red.svg?style=popout&logo=Python">
</a>
